csvtoejdb uses boost and jansson external libraries and EJDB coupled libary

1. Have your data in a preformated exceel file - see excel_example.xls or solcahs_example (for CASH systems) as a template.

EXPERIMENTS DESCRIPTION
id: 			add numbering of experiments 1, 2, 3, ...
sample:			add sample names / names of experimental runs
comment:		add comments - field not obligatory
type:			type of experiment - filed not obligatory
sT:			temperature in degrees Celsius
sP:			pressure in bars
expdataset:		name of experimental set 

SYSTEM COMPOSITION:
comp. :			oxide composition of the system as follows: comp.oxide/hidroxide/chloride_formula as in GEMS, e.g comp.SiO2, comp.CaO, comp.NaCl ...
			units should be g (grams of oxide) or M (mole) for (NaCl).

RESULTS:
phase properties:
phase.name_of_phase.	(a) for phase properties write phase.name_of_phase (as in GEMS) e.g. phase.aq_gen.name_of_property such as: pQnt - phase qunatity; pH; pV - phase volume; Eh; IS - ionic strenght; 				all - alkalinity; sArea - surface area; ... e.g. phase.aq_gen.pH, phase.C-S-H-3T-2.pQnt, ...
			IMPLEMENTED IN GEMSFIT2: pH unit -loga (nagated log); pV - cm3 or m3; pQunt - g or kg; RHO - g/cm3; ... others to be implemented.
phase composition:	(b) for phase composition in elements write phase.name_of_phase (as in GEMS) e.g. phase.aq_gen.Si (for aqueous phase molal (molality) or loga (log of molality), for solid-solution
			phase phase bulk composition in moles (mol) or for CASH pahses as Simolfrac (mole fraction to Si). 
phase Dcomp:		(c) for phase dependent components write phase.name_of_phase (as in GEMS) followed by Dc and the formula of the dependent components as in GEMS, followed by the measured porperty 				such as: pQnt - dependent component qunatity in molfrac (mole fraction); @coef - activity coeficient; e.g. phase.aq_gen.DcSiO2-.pQnt

IMPORTANT:
You should have only unique sample and expdataset name pairs.
In the excel file if present column unit should follow after the column error which comes after the column containing the value. e.g. phase.aq_gen.pH | error | unit | ...
Names of phases, components, elements should be the same as in GEMS3K exported files.

2. Save your file as comma separated format "," (as separator) CSV. Be careful that the cell values are saved in full and not only as they are formated 0.1234567 and not as 0.123 (as formated).

3. Run the program csvtoejdb with arguments as in the example: "-run -t CASH/ solcash CASH.csv" where:
	first argument is the path to the CSV and database files, 2nd argument is the mode: -t truncate (overwrite the existing database); -a append append (add more data);, 3nd argument is the name of 		the database, and 3rd argument is the input CSV file


