(After the program is ready to run, to build the program see gemsfit2_build.txt)

To process your data with GEMSFIT2 you need to use the following tools: 1. csvtoejdb, 2. GEMS3, and 3. gemsfit2.

1. csvtoejdb is a program that deals with the data management and is used to put the experimental data into
a database file (EJDB database http://ejdb.org/). The program adds entries into the database, backups the 
database into a JSON format text file and also can restore the JSON file into the database. The database 
file the program creates will be then used by gemsfit2 for the data processing/fitting. Together with the
database file a file terminated with ...._distinctTP.csv will be created. This file opend in excel will have 
the unique P and T points of all experiments in the database that are useful when exporting the GEMS3 system 
files. (for runing csvtoejdb see /csvtoejdb/docs/HOW_TO_csvtoejdb.txt)

2. GEMS3 is used by the user to create the geochemical system of the experiments. Elements in the system, 
dependent components, phases, thermodynamic datasets and models can be all managed by this tool. For an 
overview and use of GEMS3 see the associated help files and instructions. 
After the  system is created the user needs to export the system files later used by gemsfit2. This
is done form GEMS3K menu: Data->Export GEMS3K files... 
	-In the "T and P values and look-up array structure" select "enter temperature and pressure values" 
	and "disable interpolation". 
	-In the "number of P points or paris" enter the number of unique T and P points which you can get from 
	the ..._distinctTP.csv file exported by the csvtoejdb tool at the same time with adding data to the 
	database file (see /csvtoejdb/docs/HOW_TO_csvtoejdb.txt). 
	-In the next step you have to copy and paste all the P and T points also found in the ..._distinctTP.csv 
	file exported by the csvtoejdb tool.
The exported GEMS3K files will be then used to generate the gemsfit2 input file template and are also neessary
during the fitting procedure.
(for runing GEMS3 see the associated help files and instructions)

3. gemsfit2 represents the actual fitting tool which reads the experimental data from the provided database file
and based on the user defined settings in the input file it adjusts the desired parameters. gemsfit2 has two
modes: -init - writes the input template file (to be modified by the user) using the exported GEMS3K files;
       -run - runs the fitting procedure based on the given settings in the user edited input file.
(for runing gemsfit2 see HOW_TO_gemsfit2.txt)

USER STEPS:

1. Create / update the database file using csvtoejdb - see /csvtoejdb/docs/HOW_TO_csvtoejdb.txt
2. Create the chemical system in GEMS and export the GEMS3K sytem files
3. Use gemsfit2 in -init mode to create the template input file - see HOW_TO_gemsfit2.txt
4. Edit the input file for the speciffic fitting task (point to the paths for the GEMS3K system files,
   and the databse file) following the instructions for each section present in the file.
5. Run gemsfit2 in -run mode with the path to the input file as comand line argument
   see HOW_TO_gemsfit2.txt
