gemsfit2 is the main tool used for processing/fitting the data. Once the user
produced a database file (EJFB format) and exported the GEMS3K chemical system
files, he can proceed with the preparation of the fitting routine and start 
the actual fitting.

gemsfit2 has two running modes: -init and -run.

1. If the user is running gemsfit for the first time or he is using a different
   database of experiments, different chemical system, or an updated database,
   he has to first run the program in -init mode. For every change in the 
   experiemntal database and the GEMS3K exported system files gemsift2 should
   first be run in the "-init" mode!
   Runing in -init mode using comand line needs two arguments:

	$ gemsfit2 -init <path to <GEMS3K>-dat.lst>

	the second argument is the path .lst file that sits in the same folder
	with the rest of the GEMS3K exported system files. 
   After running gemsfit2 in "-init" mode a template input file named
   gemsfit_input.dat is produced.

2. The user has to carefully edit the template file according to the instructions
   given in the file for each section. The main options are:
	- where is the database file
	- where are the GEMS3K system files
	- what experimental data to select from the database
	- what data entries to compare
	- what parameters to fit and how to fit them (independent, reaction,
	  linked)
	- what fitting paramaters to use (type of algorithm, bounds)
	- what statistics parameters.

3. Run gemsfit2 fitting task using the "-run" mode.
   Runing in -run mode using comand line needs two arguments:
	
	$ gemsfi2 -run <path to gemsfit_input.dat>

4. If there were no errors in the program after the executing time (which can
   varry depending on the number of experiments and number of paramaters to fit)
   the results are written in two places:
   /output - the acutal run result statistics file and the run log file are here.
	     this folder is emptied before every run of gemsfit2 in the "-run"
             mode. It is IMPORTANT to move or save the files elswhere before making
             another run of the program!
   /results - this folder is never emptied and contains the csv file fit_results.csv.
              The file contains the mesured and calculated values, the residuals
              and the result parameters for every run. This file can be deleted
              or moved by the user - a new file will be automatically created for
              future runs. The file will pe appended until the name is changed, the
              file is moved or deleted.
